Shifted datasets, models and media assets to s3 (#396)
atoti/notebooks: notebooks/01-use-cases/finance/risk-management/operational-risk/credit-card-fraud-detection/atoti-pycaret/README.md

# Installation

> For Windows environment, it is recommended to use Python 3.8 for the Poetry environment due to llvmlite and numpy requirements for PyCaret:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Poetry in a Windows environment, it is recommended to use Python 3.8 due to llvmlite and numpy requirements for PyCaret:  
```
